Update fail2ban (#569)
owncloud/docs-ocis: modules/ROOT/pages/additional-information/kb-documents/fail2ban-protect-login.adoc

{"level":"info","service":"proxy","proto":"HTTP/1.0","request-id":"blabla","remote-addr":"123.123.123.123","method":"POST","status":204,"path":"/signin/v1/identifier/_/logon","duration":135.139963,"bytes":0,"time":"2023-03-20T19:26:04.727076622Z","message":"access-log"}
----

* The first log entry is used to detect the `invalid credentials` message only but it does not contain the correct IP address.

> * The other related log entry contains the needed IP address for further processing.

Reviewer: Do we have to mention that ocis should be started with `info` log level? because the line containing IP address is only available when using the info log level.

Author: added a note, see commit: [add minimum loglevel](https://github.com/owncloud/docs-ocis/pull/569/commits/aa039ade9609358b0339fd58d7f7706643086fd9)

* There can be more lines inbetween the first log message and the one holding the correct address. These get filtered out by the regex part `((.|\n)*)` in the `failregex` definition. One of the cases that the two logs are not directly consecutive is, when enabling the Infinite Scale debug mode.

=== Fail2ban Setup

> Make sure to adapt the paths to configuration files according to the environment used. For ease of reading and because `failregex` supports multiline, the regex used is multilined to match the description above, though you can write it all in one line. It is recommended to double check with https://fail2ban.readthedocs.io/en/latest/filters.html#developing-testing-a-regex[fail2ban-regex]. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Make sure to adapt the paths to configuration files according to the environment used. For ease of reading and because `failregex` supports multi-line, the regex used is multi-lined to match the description above, though you can write it all in one line. It is recommended to double check with https://fail2ban.readthedocs.io/en/latest/filters.html#developing-testing-a-regex[fail2ban-regex]. 
```
